you were at school and then what
happened don't talk like a baby talk
normal you got your lunch how are you
gonna pray what did you doing so what
did you do when you were gonna pray I
don't like what show me what you did
with your hands or whatever else
so you went like that and then what
happened my lunch teacher told me that
what I was about to say something she
said hinata pray she said you're not
allowed to pray yeah and then why did
you tell her it's good to pray yeah she
just said yeah good now she said it's
not good or she just said no she said
yeah good and so then what did you do I
said okay yeah Ritchie said it's not
good okay and then what did you do after
that
um I just I was trying to pray but I
just couldn't they caught me again hmm
okay well listen you need to know this
because we're very proud of you for
doing that I didn't know that you were
you and I want you to know and I want
you to know that it is okay to pray
wherever you want because nobody can
tell you not to pray and that is very
good to do and I'm very proud of you for
doing that
why don't you tell me before I ask you
every day tell me about your day does it
tell for me about Melissa I'm very proud
of you for doing that
that was a very good job on your part
and you pray wherever you want okay
because jesus loves it when you pray and
God loves it
you look very proud of you honey that's
a good job okay love you